- Okay now I've been talking
about a growth hormone product,
a growth hormone focused
triggering product
on the Facebook users group,
and a lot of people speculated
what could that be and
they look at my background,
and some of them have had
some pretty good ideas,
but let me just briefly review.
So when, if you read the
research Jaquish, Alkire, 2016,
that was where we determine
stabilization firing.
We showed basically a new
principle of human physiology.
Stabilization firing in rapid succession
can up-regulate growth hormone.
That plus load will yield
even more growth hormone.
So since when we're using X3,
like let's say I'm doing a curl,
what I'm holding here is probably a weight
I would never be able to
un-rack because I would never
be able to get it through
the weaker range of motion.
So we're tricking our
bodies and lifting heavier
in a stronger range of motion
that we ever otherwise would,
and even when I'm doing a curl,
which is a single-joint movement,
there's stabilization
firing going through here
even in my neck and that is
up-regulating growth hormone.
Now the primary intervention
that we looked at
in that study was instability.
So easy to measure instability
and when somebody's unstable,
whether it's on a balanced
board or a vibration platform,
it's pretty uniform.
So we have less variables
to look at there.
So how would we get a
greater growth hormone effect
with X3 than we're already getting?
So what we want is like a
one plus one equals ten,
like maximum instability
while without tipping over,
and also be able to load
the body in the way we do.
So I'm gonna show you
how we pulled it off.
So we worked with the best
vibration company in the world.
This is made in America.
VibePlate makes this.
So they make an incredible product.
All their products are
absolutely incredible.
Now this is a special vibration platform
that adapts to the X3.
So the ground plate drops
right in here, fits perfectly.
This is trenched so you can
put the band you're gonna use
right in the trench,
and then this right here is a switch,
(air whooshing)
which is pressure.
I helped them design this VibePlate
so that we could have a
pressure-sensitive switch
on this device.
So it turns on when you step on it.
It's really important because
any other vibration product
you can put the ground plate on
the ground plates gonna wander
off after you turn it on
'cause it'll vibrate right off the surface
because you can't control the thing.
You have no way to turn it on
once you're hanging onto the bar.
So let's say we're gonna do a curl.
Get into position to do it,
and it doesn't turn on until I step on it.
(machine hums)
So I step on the plug, you
can see by just a little bit
of tension on the band, you
can see the band vibrating.
Now I can get into
position and do that curl.
So my whole body is put in a situation
of a greater level of instability,
thereby, (grunts)
more growth hormone effect.
Not my day to do that, so.
As soon as I step off,
(fingers snap) it turns off.
Okay, some detail.
I know there's gonna
be a lot of questions,
and I want everybody
to understand the story
of why we did what we did.
So we partnered with
VibePlate on this because,
like I say, they make the best product,
but they make everything.
They make all their products
in Nebraska in the United States,
and for home use the products
have a lifetime warranty.
So it tells you something
about the company
if they're willing to do that.
The products have been fantastic.
I've been using their products for years.
Even though I was chief science officer
of the largest vibration
company in the world,
I always liked their product.
It's just delivers, it's fantastic.
Never had a complaint,
never had anybody say like,
well, you know, I don't
particularly like this one.
They make a super high quality product
like military-grade kind of steel.
It's made of steel, by the way.
Not the feet, 'cause you wanna dampen
some of the vibration
that goes into the floor.
Something to keep in
mind, where you put it.
Concrete floors are better.
You'll probably use it
in your garage at home.
Now some other things.
This device is specially fixed
and calibrated at 30 Hertz.
So the reason we did that
is the most positive
research is at 30 Hertz.
So one of the things that people
do with vibration platforms
because they don't know what they're doing
and they haven't read any of the research
is they see a dial and they turn it.
Now the calibration of the dial
is questionable to begin with,
and then they want to turn it all the way
because they think if
medium or low or 30 Hertz
is good, then 60 must be better.
Well, the problem is muscles
don't go into reflexive firing
beyond 30-ish Hertz, like
30 has the most research.
So what happens is the
muscles go into tetanus.
They just lock up.
So you know what tetanus means,
that you lock your jaw when
you have that dysfunction.
So the vibration actually does nothing
beyond 30 Hertz for most individuals.
So we have this one specially made
so you can't screw with that
and screw up your workout
which people are doing all over the world
with these different products.
So very high quality.
Fantastic, great experience.
It feels fantastic.
One thing that you'll notice
is there's a serotonin release
which makes you feel
fantastic after you use it.
You feel even better than you normally do
with your X3 workout.
Questions about g-forces.
So I won't mention the company
that started using that term,
but basically what they did
was they take the acceleration
of the plate and say because of the rate
it's coming at you, that
is, they use mathematics
to factor how that's sort of
amplifying your body weight
because of the rate at
which it's hitting you.
Well, the problem with that argument is
that would have to affect your whole body,
and the vibration is, it's perceptible,
like you feel it for sure,
but your tendons, your
ligaments, your reflexes,
I mean, the whole point
of the GHAccelerator,
that's the name of the product,
the whole point is to trigger reflexes.
Well, reflexes decelerate you.
So your body never
manifests these g-forces.
So like saying in any
company that started,
is talking about g-forces,
they're just selling.
It's a fraudulent way to sell.
Because they're trying to
make a bone-density argument
or something that all these g-forces
are gonna really do you a favor.
Total b.s.
That would be like
putting a blinking light
on your treadmill and
then telling the person
who's running on the treadmill
you're running at the speed of light
because the light is hitting
you at the speed of light.
Totally stupid.
So don't pay any attention
to that kind of stuff.
It's just complete crap.
So I hope you can check this out.
If you ask a bunch of questions
and we get some of the same
questions over and over again,
we're going to do some
more instructional videos,
and I'll show you how to
apply the GHAccelerator
to your X3 workout.
It is absolutely fantastic.
I've been testing it
for a couple weeks now.
It's going to be under $1400.
Be on our website very soon.
And works with your existing X3.
Just drop it into the
end of the ground plate.
I also want to show you the
new iPhone case, it says,
"Beyond weights, beyond
cardio, X3bar.com."
So that's in our Rewards
Program for anybody
who wants to kind of refer
their friends to check out X3.
You can earn one of these,
and we have some great coffee mugs
and other like promotional stuff.
So you can let all your friends know
why you're in such fantastic shape.
If you have any questions,
please find us on Facebook.
Find me on Instagram and ask away.
Thanks.